All right.
So here we are with digit degree.
This is a fun one which involved me a call whole mess of methods to get the result that we want.
And so you'll see here that when n is equal to 5 The output should be zero.
And what that what we're basically trying to do is we want to replace the sum of the digits to one digit
and count how many times we have to make that iteration.
So if we have if we have you know 1 1 plus 00 plus zero is one.
So we're done.
We're down to zero.
Basically how many times until we can get down to zero zero is zero iterations are already there.
It's kind of a fun one.
So we start with 91.
Let's start with 91 to make more sense.
So 91 we we get two plus one that gives us 10 when we break out the digits and add them together and
then we get one plus zero which gives us 1.
And so we're actually trying to get less than 10.
I think I said less than zero.
We're trying to get less than 10.
And so that's what we're going to do.
I used to string parsing split and reduce to get this algorithm to work.
There's a lot going on in this code and looking at it at first glance it works it's it's nice but I
think I could have probably written it a little bit cleaner.
But we'll see what happens.
So let's go and dive into it.
All right so in this one we're going to keep track of a variable and that is what we're going to need
to do.
The amount of iterations that are stored in OC and here I just call that count.
I think that's an appropriate name because we are counting the amount of digits that are being reduced.
And what we eventually want to return is count that's it.
At the end of the day.
So we want to say you know while.
Well true.
And of course let's go ahead and turn on our start on that.
So the way that I solve this is actually an if statement where he says if an is less than or equal to
nine just go ahead and immediately return count.
That's because at that point we want to we know that we don't need do our logic down below.
And the way that I wrote it it's going to not work the best.
And so so if and is less than equal 9 go ahead and return count cool.
Now what we wanna do is run on red and else and we may clean this up after the fact because I'm looking
back at when I originally saw this and I'm seeing things that we can maybe make better.
We'll see that we have a while we're just going to put through.
So this is going to be an infinite loop for the time being until we fix it.
And we can handle that like so.
All right.
So I think this was actually supposed to be 10 1.
There you go.
So how can we how are we going to handle this.
Well the first thing is based on how I solve this originally If you've hit this wall loop we need to
iterate by 1 and then we need to keep track and we'll just call this let current number or get initialises
the end.
Excellent.
And from here we are going to write a function that does a lot of logic.
I called this get digit get digit is going to take our number is going to turn into a string is singing
split it into individual string of five digits.
Is going to reduce it using parce and that is going to return a single number at the end of the day.
Now it could be multiple digits but that's what the wallet there is for.
And then we're going to do it again until it's no longer the case so digit is going to take in a numb
we'll call this number of type number and then here what we are expected to do is we just round turn
that dot to string because we are converting that number to a string.
That's splitting it up on each individual digit.
And then we are going to reduce it back to a single number with a column B.
Excellent.
And in here what we want to return is parse and a plus parse and B.
What is typescript complain about I think is complaining that we're trying to reduce on a string.
We're going to say words and give an optional type as any and optional type with any.
So not like that string.
All right.
Number
no longer
it doesn't like that we are trying to assign this how and I get typescript to ignore this.
So what we're trying to do here is we're manipulating types for we're first manipulating it using here
and parts and wiring really saw this as a just in javascript I didn't get any issues here.
So I guess what we could do here is we could then before we do anything let's say it costs
Nom's is equal to what to string and convert all those values to a integer which is kind of what percent
it is doing here.
But and then we're going to split it and then we're going to map on each element we're going to parse
out the element actually.
Now we have an array of numbers and we'll go ahead and have the explicit type here because we have a
bit going on there.
So Nomes
was I don't know what is the issue here.
It's true that
if we go now we can go ahead and take Gnome's and we can just do this.
And there's no reason to have parse it anymore we just weired turn a plus b remove percent plus B and
think we can even remove this at this point.
And that's Nomes.
There we go.
OK.
So just a little bit on the spot refactoring so.
And here we're going to just look for the lot of it to a string.
We then split it up on each individual character.
We then parse those digits to a make a number array as we map them and then we reduce those to get a
value.
So all we have to do here now is keep track of current Gnome and set it equal to get digit.
And in here we're going to pass in current number.
Excellent.
And then we just have a little if yours.
If current number is less than or equal to 9 going to break we're done.
And you'll see we're good to go here.
So we had 0 1 2.
Everything is solid.
So a lot going on in this in terms of code and clean it up.
So this is probably a better way of doing what we were doing before because we don't you know we're
trying to do some reducing on strings.
And I didn't like that.
I understand why.
And then of course I'd like to.
I personally like to return and return types although they're not necessary.